Zhan Ting Chen, everything is not dead.
Even if he is not dead, he is still a medical expense.
What can he do to help Suzushi's boss to resist the second boss who has a back full of wood and stone?
So Zhangjie, you are planning to make this Feiwu angry to death.
Come and give medicine to our second room?
You are the beauty doctor for Huang Guoli,
It's really hard life to continue to pay this expense.
First brother, you are still alive.
One or two, I'll come and go for you.
One or two, they have no share and no status,
I won't allow you to call me one or two.
What do you mean
As long as I have status
If you are willing to put the ear rack on you, of course
In my position of power, no one can worry about my sister-in-law.
You black-backed lady
Could it be that he got the title of "Izheng"?
Shut up for me
God calls him brother
There are two people from the same place here
Stop breaking up. It’s awesome.
Forget it
I just connected to the same plane, Fangyimuguo
This is Zuo Te's gold medal. You have tens of millions of dollars.
I came here to wish my father-in-law unbelieving
you lonely criminal
Shaochi will definitely be worthy of being the god of fortune-telling.
Put down the rear marl room
But even more so
Supervisory management ranks first in the same computer room
Someone who has been chasing him for years.
They are all dead, your version of Omi Xue
You gave me Malfang Zhanglian again
I didn't expect it to belong to the person in my hand
It's a pity that I have to come to train and succeed.
Humor was not killed by him